(Episode 12)
Around midnight, a stabbing occurred...
in a bar in Yeongpa.
The police believe a male patron...
murdered Geum, the owner of the bar,
and fled the scene.
They stated that they'd focus the investigation...
on patrons caught on the bar's security video.
You said he was stabbed around midnight.
I left the bar...
at 10:30pm.
Just a minute.
Excuse me.
Will it be much longer?
Wait a minute.
Okay, you're good.
Pardon?
I've confirmed your alibi,
so you may go.
(Yeongpa City Council)
I'm back.
So?
What did the doctor say?
He says your wife suffered a small shock.
I told him...
to make sure she does not wake up.
He can't keep her asleep?
With all the money I give him?
Excuse me.
- Hello? - This is the police.
Is this Kim Hyung Soo, who was questioned...
regarding the bar murder?
Yes, I am.
Your DNA...
matches the assailant of the 1997...
Yiwang sexual assault case.
What?
Hello?
Ms. Hong Sun Hwa?
This is the Gangnam Police Department.
You reported being sexually assaulted...
in Yiwang 20 years ago, correct?
Yes.
We found the assailant.
Would you like to press charges?
Yes.
(Witch's Court)
(November, 1997)
What?
Let's go. I'll take you home.
(Emergency Room)
One month shy of its statute of limitations,
the assailant was identified...
for this sexual assault case.
The assailant is Kim Hyung Soo.
He is a spokesperson for Yeongpa's mayor.
In 1997, he was a senior in high school.
1997? That was exactly 20 years ago.
The victim is Hong Sun Hwa.
She is a janitor...
at Hanguk University.
At the time, she was also a senior in high school.
They left good evidence for that time.
They got her statement right away,
and the DNA.
I know.
Why couldn't they catch him then?
Why did it go unsolved?
They met while traveling...
after taking the college entrance exam,
so he gave her a fake name and school information.
True. Who wants to give their real name...
when they meet someone at a club?
It's such a relief that we caught him now,
don't you agree everyone?
But 20 years is such a long time.
Would they remember?
I know. I was also a senior back then.
I could barely remember my friends' names.
People's memories cannot be perfect.
They get exaggerated at times,
and sometimes erased when inconvenient.
What if they won't accept her statement as evidence?
The victim wants to press charges,
so we must do our best.
Yes. They say there is no statute of limitations...
when it comes to the victim's pain.
Old crimes...
tend to go unpunished.
But let's change that this time.
Yes, ma'am.
You know...
that Cho Gap Soo's spokesman, Kim Hyung Soo,
was arrested for sexual assault.
They have solid DNA evidence too.
If we're forceful from the start,
he'll spill everything...
about Cho Gap Soo's weakness.
So?
I need your help.
I know you didn't give up on Cho Gap Soo.
Please let me fight with you.
I want to work here.
I don't want to.
Pardon?
Don't you remember Kong Soo Ah's case?
What did you say to me back then?
You said you'd catch...
Cho Gap Soo and close Kong Soo Ah's case.
But how did that go?
I'm repenting.
You're repenting,
but you'll do what to Kim Hyung Soo?
You lost a case because of your personal interests.
Once is more than enough.
You seem to be confused, so I'll set you straight.
You're not a prosecutor anymore.
You're a lawyer.
This is a lawyers' office.
If you want to prosecute, be a prosecutor.
If you really can't let go,
you can try applying for prosecutor positions.
There must be some available.
A prosecutor? No way.
My goal is to defend victims.
- What? - You don't believe me.
I understand, but I've changed.
I'm not the same Ma Yi Deum.
How could I not change...
after getting you fired too?
I won't do anything unethical anymore.
I'll become a warm lawyer who wipes victims' tears,
fights against perpetrators,
a lawyer that is honest and just.
Really?
Okay. I see.
In that case,
give it a shot.
Really?
Thank you.
(Prosecutor: Yeo Jin Wook)
Ma will be going...
as a cooperating attorney on Kim Hyung Soo's case.
Keep an eye on her to make sure she behaves.
- Amazing. Really? - Yes.
What about this?
No, not that.
- No? - Of course, not.
Hi.
You're here.
What are you doing here?
Ma brought a strategy for the Kim Hyung Soo case.
It's awesome.
She really is our ace.
You're too kind.
Why is she coming up with the strategy?
And why are you listening to her?
Don't be so stiff. We should help each other.
Right? You are wise.
So? How far do you plan to take it?
I don't know how far yet.
First, I think we need a new prosecutor.
I mean, Park is such an ace.
And I'll support him with all that I have.
We'll clean house. You'll be shocked.
- I... - Out.
I said I'd walk out on my own.
- I'll call you. - Call? No.
Sit down. Here.
We'll start the interrogation.
You denied to your charges at the station?
I did.
I have no memory of raping her.
Are you saying you don't remember?
No, I remember exactly.
It was November 22, a Saturday.
We met near the river in Yiwang.
I even remember making a campfire at 9pm.
It's a lot different from what Hong Sun Hwa said.
- Are you sure? - Yes.
At that time,
I fell in love with her at first sight.
My heart was racing when we held hands.
I even remember her smile when I kissed her cheek.
I remember it because it was beautiful.
"Cuts and bleeding in a specific place."
"Panic from psychological trauma."
"DNA found from the semen."
This is the victim's medical report.
(Hong Sun Hwa)
It seems like it's far from being beautiful.
What happened 20 years ago...
must be a sweet summer memory to you.
You better revisit your memory,
Kim Hyung Soo.
- Good job. - Thank you.
Ma?
- Gosh. - What are you doing?
I found something on the floor.
It's hot.
Have you been well?
What?
As the attorney, I must defend...
You're such a liar.
I know you.
I know you got on the case to catch Cho Gap Soo.
I'm glad you know. Let's work well together.
- Ms. Ma. - I got it.
I didn't forget about Kong Soo Ah's case.
I promised not to ruin the case...
for personal reasons.
- Happy? - I'll trust you.
But we must split up the work.
- Split up? - You said so yourself.
I'm a prosecutor, and you're a lawyer.
I'll say the same to you.
From now on, you're a lawyer.
You must follow my orders, requests,
and commands.
But... I'm not an assistant prosecutor.
You can quit if you don't want to.
I'll give you 5 seconds. 5, 3, 2.
Fine, fine.
- Go wait at the office. - Why?
- Are you staying here? - Cross-examination.
They won't agree if we interrogate separately.
If we go to court in this state,
there's no credibility since it's so long ago.
The victim must request for it in order to happen.
Then you're saying I must make her request it first.
Car keys.
Seriously.
Thank you.
I don't want to.
I already told the police...
20 years ago about what happened.
I have nothing more to say.
- Sun Hwa. - No cross-examination.
- Please leave. - The washroom is nasty.
Ms. Hong!
Why are you wasting your time?
Clean the men's washroom and the classroom.
Yes, sir.
Not again.
What's the big deal about going in here?
Other ladies can walk in no problem...
and clean it even with men inside.
I'm sorry.
I'll do it. So please reconsider it.
I'll clean it.
Here we go.
Hi.
It's super clean. I did a good job.
Where did she go?
Hong Sun Hwa? Where is she?
Hong Sun Hwa?
Please don't be like this.
I'm helping you.
This is how you should wipe.
Like this. Like this.
- Like this. Go like this. - I got it.
Please don't do this.
You're more curvy than I thought.
Keep wiping.
Is he crazy?
This is too disgusting to look.
Did someone poop?
Did a group of pigeons come here?
Sun Hwa?
How does she disappear every time I blink?
How tiring.
(MOU Signing for Yeongpa...)
(and Hankuk University's Mutual Development)
You didn't forget about...
the meeting with the prime minister, right?
Of course not.
What is it about anyway?
I think he's looking into his grandson's school.
He was interested in your law school.
The same law school that he attended?
That would be meaningful.
Yes. I'll see you in a bit.
- Okay. - Bye.
Hong Sun Hwa. Hong Sun Hwa.
Did you get scared?
It's too early for you to back out.
It's only a start.
Where did Hong Sun Hwa go? Hong Sun Hwa?
Hong Sun Hwa?
Hong Sun Hwa? Where are you?
What kind of crazy woman is that?
Looking at her eyes, I think...
she's thinking about how to attack me.
Look into what she's scheming.
Yes, sir.
Gosh. Where is she?
This is driving me crazy.
Chan, did you walk all the way here again?
I told you not to do that.
I told you I'll protect you.
You jump whenever a man passes by you.
Why do you keep on telling me not to come?
I told you, I'm fine.
I know you're not fine.
My legs hurt.
Here.
I know you always come for the piggyback.
That's not true.
Hey, Yi Deum.
It won't kill you to be in second.
Who said you should run...
while pushing all your friends?
You fell because you were being mean.
Mom,
do you want to make fun of your injured daughter?
If you ran slower and carefully,
no one would have gotten hurt.
If you run slow,
how is that a race?
Forget it. I'm hungry.
Let's hurry home and eat.
There's only gimbap at home.
You said you wanted to eat gimbap,
so I got enough for you...
to eat for three days.
Mom!
Come on.
Stay still. Don't move,
you're heavy.
- No. - Gosh.
Let's hurry home.
Hey!
- Move! - What is going on?
What are you doing?
Get on.
I'm going to keep crawling...
until you get on.
Hey! What are you doing?
- Hurry up! - Please, stop it.
Get on.
- Hey! - What are you doing?
Mom, it's too loud.
- What are you doing? - Come on!
Hurry up and go!
- Move your car! - Get going!
Hurry up!
- Son. - Dad!
Gosh.
Are you here?
Who is she?
She's a lawyer helping Mom.
Hello.
Chan, I'll get going. You should go inside.
Mom, I drew a picture at school.
Look at it first before you go.
Please?
Ma'am,
will you be working on her case?
Yes.
Please.
Make sure that evil man gets punished.
It looks like you don't live together.
Isn't it out of your place...
to ask me for a favor?
I don't want anything else.
I just want...
her...
to live a happy life.
Although time passed,
she still gets nightmares.
She's still scared...
of men.
Chan and I wanted...
to help her get over it.
Please take good care of her.
As much as she was hurt...
No.
I want that evil man...
to suffer...
in prison way longer than that.
Ms. Ma,
you've never been in my place, have you?
It's...
not something that's just difficult.
You're telling me to relive the nightmare...
along with the man that drove me there.
Long time ago,
there was a kind woman who ran...
a noodle restaurant with her daughter.
That woman...
experienced something similar.
It must have hurt a lot,
but she never showed it.
Then she was abducted...
and confined by the same assailant.
In the end, she died.
Without leaving a trace.
That jerk...
is doing well.
Do you know why?
There's no evidence to show that he did it.
Also, a victim who could testify...
is no longer alive.
But you can...
speak up for yourself.
You can tell people what he did,
and how it has been...
so difficult until now.
You said it's a nightmare, right?
This is your chance.
Escape from that nightmare.
Ma Yi Deum is a cooperating attorney.
CAGU is the department in charge.
Don't let Mr. Kim go through the trouble.
I need you...
to take care of this.
Yes, sir.
If it gets too difficult for you,
you can let us know even if we're midway in.
Okay.
I remember now.
You changed a lot.
We'll start.
Yiwang had a fireworks festival.
I went with my friends after the exams.
We met on the second day of our trip.
Do you remember anything about Hong Sun Hwa...
from that time?
Of course.
She wore a white sweater with pearls on her neck.
She was walking from afar,
but she was so beautiful that she stood out.
That's why I decided to strike a conversation.
It was so long ago,
but your memory is very detailed.
Like I told you already,
it was a good memory for me.
We made campfire by the river.
She was tired, so I walked her back.
I believe it was called River Bed and Breakfast.
It was about 10 minutes away from the river.
She slowed down...
as if she didn't want to go inside.
I remember matching her pace...
to make her feel good.
(River, 10 minute walk, River Bed and Breakfast)
After dropping her off,
I was planning to leave.
It was her...
that stopped me.
(River Bed and Breakfast)
Go in.
Wait.
Can't you stay for a little while?
Hong Sun Hwa.
Is what he said true?
No.
Never.
He suddenly attacked me by force.
It must be hard,
but please tell us in more detail.
There was a lot of tall grass...
Hey.
Wait for me.
I'm fine.
[VIU Ver] E12 Witch's Court "20 Years of Nightmare"
-= Ruo Xi =-
I heard crickets,
and there was a cold breeze.
It was dark for a while, and when I opened my eyes,
I saw pink flame grass.
Pink?
- Ms. Son. Please confirm. - Okay.
It started being imported five years ago.
Are you sure?
Are you sure that's what you saw?
I'm sure they were pink.
See?
- She's talking nonsense. - Kim Hyung Soo.
Ms. Hong.
Don't you remember anything more specific?
Well, just that...
the breeze was kind of chilly...
and there was a lot of grass.
Around where was that?
Where were you headed?
I... I...
I knew it.
She keeps saying gibberish.
If I really did it and she couldn't forget,
she'd remember everything.
Must I continue listening to her crazy talk?
What was that?
Are you saying I'm crazy and talking nonsense?
Then what?
You enjoyed it too, and now, you're accusing me.
Are you trying to destroy my life?
Look. You're out of line.
Look.
Destroy your life? Me?
What about my life that you destroyed?
For... For 20 years...
Do you know how I've lived for the past 20 years?
While you lived a happy, guilt-free life,
I never once...
I never once slept peacefully.
But are you saying... Are you saying...
I'm making this up to destroy your life?
What? I'm talking nonsense?
After... After how I've lived...
I really didn't want to go this far,
but my patience has run out.
(Medical History)
(Anxiety and paranoia. Difficulty breathing)
This woman always had mental problems,
which is making her say such outrageous things.
- No. - I've made myself clear.
I had consensual intercourse.
No.
No. No. I...
I...
No.
No. I... I didn't...
I didn't.
Even if he is lying,
Hong Sun Hwa's case did get weaker.
How is her medical record available after 20 years?
The requires them to be kept for only 10 years.
That depends on the hospital.
Based on her medical history that he submitted,
if he claims she imagined it due to her depression,
we'll have nothing to say to rebut that.
Then we'll just find other evidence.
Wasn't there another witness?
Yes.
- Good. Then let's... - Good work today.
What? What the...
Yeo.
Ms. Son.
It's me, Ma Yi Deum.
- Ma. - Ms. son.
- What about the witness? - Don't be like this.
- She has no cell phone, - I'm going to call.
- or credit cards. - I'll call Mr. Koo.
I've been trying to track her, but it isn't easy.
Please check with Immigration as well.
Will do.
That...
(Lady Ko's birthday)
What pretty flowers.
Your son must've sent them again this year.
You must be so happy.
Thanks.
(Happy birthday, Dr. Ko. KBS' writers)
(CAGU, Park Hoon Soo, Yeo Jin Wook)
Hi Jin Wook, how have you been?
Mr. Yeo.
We found Choi Gyung Ja.
She's a nurse at Naeil Long Term Care Facility,
which is on Bujin Island.
Let's leave an hour from now.
Yes, sir.
What are you doing?
You're meeting a witness, right? I'll go with you.
Get out. Mr. Koo's coming.
No, he isn't. He knows I'll be going instead.
I'll get her statement,
and you can read it later.
Must you tag along everywhere like this?
- Yes. - What?
I need to see and hear everything directly.
Wake me up when we arrive.
Is this it? Just a minute. I need the bathroom.
Wait for me here.
Hello. I'm here to see Choi Gyung Ja.
Ms. Choi? Okay.
Ms. Choi, you have a visitor.
What... Ms. Choi.
Oh my gosh. Look who's here.
Jin Wook, is that you?
Yes.
So this is where you work?
How long has it been?
Last I saw you, you were a senior in high school.
That's right.
Why... Why did you quit so suddenly back then?
I was so sad.
Were you?
Well... Back then,
my little sister was very ill.
I was the only person who could look after her.
That's why I had to leave so suddenly.
How's your mother? Is she doing well?
Yes.
What brings you here?
Yeo.
I almost died.
Let me introduce you.
She's Ma Yi Deum, a prosecutor...
I mean, a lawyer.
She's a nurse...
that I knew from years ago.
Do you remember this person?
Yes, I do remember.
I was working...
at a general hospital at the time.
Hey.
Excuse me.
Hey. Miss.
(Emergency Room)
What's her condition?
I suspect she's been raped.
She's bleeding as well, so please tend to her.
Can you repeat...
what you said in court?
Of course, I must.
You say she's been hurting for so long.
Yes. We're done,
so let's go.
You came a long way.
Why don't you eat first?
No. We came a long way, so we should go.
Even if we leave now,
we have to wait a few hours for the boat.
That's right.
You're here anyway.
Stay for lunch.
The food is very good here.
It's not bad, right?
Nope.
I don't want this.
You eat it.
Let me do it.
No. It's okay.
Go and eat.
I finished eating already.
You're still so nice.
You haven't changed one bit.
Even back then,
you helped a lot with hospital errands.
I was just trying to get credit for volunteering.
Jin Wook.
That lady...
looks familiar.
I feel like I've seen her a lot before.
Do you...
remember that woman?
The woman who saved you and me...
when the hospital...
was on fire.
She's her daughter.
I see.
I only recently found out myself.
Wait. Ms. Ma.
Just a minute.
Here.
I dried them myself.
I saw...
that you seemed to enjoy burdock tea.
You don't need to.
You feel like my daughter.
Like my niece, that's why.
Here. Just take it.
Thank you.
I'll call you when I get back.
Okay.
Drive safely, okay, Jin Wook?
That nurse that we met...
Is she always this nice...
to people she doesn't know?
Why?
I'm appreciative,
but I feel bad.
It's probably because she's thankful and sorry.
14 years ago,
there was a fire...
at Sena Mental Hospital.
When it broke out, she and I were stuck...
in the laundry room.
Everyone was escaping frantically,
but one patient opened the door...
and saved us.
Your mother.
She saved us both.
My mom was such a busybody.
Who was she to save anyone?
Sure.
That's so like her.
That's how I felt too, back then.
I was so thankful and sorry...
that I wanted to do something. Anything.
That's why I went to Janghyeon-dong.
I still feel the same now.
I will do whatever it takes to catch...
the people who did that to your mother...
and make them pay.
Regardless of who it is.
Regardless of who it is?
Yes.
Fine.
I can accept an apology,
but I have no intention of forgiving.
What are you doing there?
Hi, Gyung Ja.
(Seoul Central District Prosecutors' Office)
Do you still have more to investigate?
You saw for yourself that she was full of it.
This is the statement by the witness...
who found Hong Sun Hwa who was unconscious.
(Witness Statement)
So?
It was long ago,
but because Hong Sun Hwa was in such a bad state,
the witness remembers clearly.
How could you say that after listening to her?
She said she saw pink flame grass.
You believed her and met with a witness?
I thought what she said didn't make sense either.
But...
(Yiwang Fireworks Show)
Based on the witness' statement,
this was made for the fireworks show.
It's consistent with...
Hong Sun Hwa's statement.
There must be a mistake.
Are you sure?
I wouldn't force someone who didn't want it.
Think about it again.
I can think about it again and again,
but my statement remains the same.
I only remember...
both of us enjoying ourselves.
You saw her face the other day, didn't you?
If she enjoyed herself, would she react that way?
You're being too biased in your investigation.
If you're done, may I go?
I'm a busy man.
I am...
giving you an opportunity, Mr. Kim.
An opportunity to confess and reduce your sentence.
No.
I'm done talking.
Heo Yoon Kyung speaking.
This is Kim Hyung Soo.
I think things have gotten complicated.
We've helped plenty, I believe.
Please talk to the mayor and...
I'm relaying the mayor's message.
The mayor is out.
- Mr. Mayor! - He's out.
- Mr. Mayor! - Stop!
Mr. Mayor. Will you really throw me away?
Say hi.
This is my new spokesperson.
You know who I am, right?
Then you must know what I want.
Call me if you want to make a deal.
This isn't the place.
Not here. That way. Let's go.
This way.
We can't talk about this here.
Let's talk there.
Let's go.
- Here? - Yes. Here.
What did you bring?
Show it to me.
No. You should go first.
You're not a prosecutor anymore.
Is there anything you can do for me?
We'll agree with a letter of leniency.
We'll say you settled with the victim,
and get you off with probation or a fine.
Do you mean it?
You have to.
From the looks of it,
I'll end up in prison without it.
It depends on what you give me.
I have evidence that will be fatal to Cho Gap Soo.
Ahn Suh Rim.
His wife.
Based on the evidence and testimonies thus far,
the defendant's crimes seem to be evident.
Would you like to say anything further?
Your Honor.
I've obeyed the law every day of my life.
I don't even litter on the street.
If I really did in fact do what is asserted,
I'd apologize and accept punishment accordingly.
But I do not think my memory is flawed.
Please, I beg that you will render...
a wise decision.
Okay.
We will consider the defendant's statement,
and render a decision thoughtfully.
Your Honor.
I'm the victim's attorney. I'd like to say something.
Yes, go ahead.
I'd like to submit a very important document...
related to this case.
Is all of this true?
Yes, it is.
This lays out reasons why the victim requests...
a severe punishment against the defendant.
Your Honor,
as the victim's counsel,
I heard how the victim lived since the incident.
The victim spent the past 20 years...
paused at November 22, 1997,
the day of the incident.
She had forfeited...
her life as a human being and as an ordinary woman.
Now is the time...
to give the victim a chance to live.
In order for that to happen,
that man sitting there must be punished.
What are you doing?
This isn't what you promised!
You have to.
From the looks of it,
I'll end up in prison without it.
The defendant asked me yesterday...
to get the victim to sign a letter of leniency.
If he couldn't remember anything,
would he have done that?
He remembers everything but claims ignorance!
He is shameless and shows no remorse!
Thus, we request the court to punish him severely.
In contrast to the victim, who suffered for years,
unable to recuperate from the crime committed,
the defendant does not repent for his crime,
and lived comfortably without any guilt.
Thus, he deserves adequate punishment.
Thus, the defendant Kim Hyung Soo...
is sentenced to five years in prison.
Good job.
Thank you, ma'am.
Sure.
Thanks to you, I can...
finally live like a normal human being.
I feel much more at peace now.
I guess what I've wanted all these years...
was to see that man get punished.
Thank you very much.
Mom!
You did great.
Ms. Ma.
I just... I only did my job.
You know,
being a victim's attorney suits you.
I look forward to your help in the future.
There will be no "in the future."
You seem to be confused.
You know, I don't like assisting others.
Plus, the prosecutor takes all the glory.
All I get from it is a few hundred bucks.
Then what will you do now?
Hold on.
Hello, Ms. Min.
I'll come in right away.
What else? I should be a prosecutor.
Just you wait.
I'll return to being a prosecutor above you...
and rearrange that brain of yours.
Okay. I'll be waiting.
(Cho Gap Soo's case)
Cho Gap Soo makes connections using...
women and lobbying.
I'll get a list of people who visited that place...
and gather evidence of sexual service received,
and catch Cho Gap Soo.
Where is "that place"?
Kingdom.
(Cho Gap Soo's case)
(Cho Gap Soo)